OBJECTIVE 1
---------------
Design realization, review and
assurance as per defined
solution guidelines and quality

MEASUREMENT CRITERIA

Assurance as per defined
solution guidelines and quality
1.Completeness of LLD and Coding guidelines documents (as signed off
by the customer, the revisions should be less than 20% of the
submitted deliverable, allowing room for updates) in line with HLD /
SAD guidelines
- No. of patterns / anti-patterns chosen and deployed for design
realization
- No. of framework components and shared services created for
development team abstracting the design and architecture layer from
core developers
2.Less than 5% deviation
3.# of Design best practices applied or shared during the project. No. of
performance engineering mechanisms deployed (created or
leveraged) - no. of use cases
- No. of design-for-performance approaches created / adopted as
best practices. - No. of productivity accelerators / framework
components used to facilitate integration.
4.Participate in Design Review meetings with the customer to take
timely sign off (intermediate & final)
5,Measure of # of use cases executed towards design and architecture
verification.
6.Measure of # of design recommendations based on architecture
guidelines




OBJECTIVE 2

Project Execution

MEASUREMENT CRITERIA

1.Status updates to the Project Manager as per mutual agreement
Identify, document and track Technology related risks and mitigation
plan in the project
2.Measure of # of Technology related risks found during RCA corrective
action plan against the total # of Technology related risks identified
and addressed should be lesser than 10%
3.Set up Project Environment at onsite and assist/ audit offshore team
to set up project environment.
- Selection of appropriate IDE
- Setting up build process
- Integration of Static Code analysis, Unit Test, Memory Leak Analysis,
Code Coverage tools into build system
- Integration of Test Automation
4.Correctness of Build and Release - % of rejection in builds / releases
due to version related issues.
5.Product Enhancement – Contribute to Code Optimization and
Optimum memory usage.


OBJECTIVE 3

Architecture

MEASUREMENT CRITERIA
1.Contribute towards evaluation of tools, products and software
selection (build vs. buy) to suit the blue print of the customer
architecture under the guidance of Technical Architect. Measure on #
of tools analyzed in a year. Target - At least two tools to be analyzed
in a year.
2.Measure of # of POCs implemented and CRPs prepared to defend
chosen architecture in a year.
3.# of sessions conducted on Customer Architecture to ensure team
alignment and understanding.
4.Participation in External Architecture Review of other engagements
within the account - Target At least one review per 6 months / based
on need.



OBJECTIVE 4

Technology landscape

alignmentMEASUREMENT CRITERIA

Works with Onsite PM, Program Management team and Architect on
preparing technology road map presentations relevant for customer
business needs and account expansion. Works on pro-active
proposals (no) , ( no) of value adds presented



OBJECTIVE
Customer Interaction on
Technical front.
MEASUREMENT CRITERIA
1.Identify integration points in Customer Enterprise architecture and
involve the relevant teams at various stages of the project.
2.Measure on # of Design/Architecture meetings conducted/attended
with Customer stakeholders.
with Customer stakeholders.


OBJECTIVE
Knowledge Management

MEASUREMENT CRITERIA
1.Measure on # of certifications in chosen technology platform
- Measure on # of training hours spent / certifications obtained on EA
and Design topics
- Measure on # of training sessions conducted / no. of mentees
- Measure on # of artifacts contributed to KM / presented in forums
2.Measure on # of reusable components contributed through the team
in a year – Target At least 1 every six months


OBJECTIVE
Quality and Process

MEASUREMENT CRITERIA

Quality and Process
Compliance to the processes and standards
Quality of Documentation
Quality of code
Completing timesheet on time
Ensure quality standards followed by junior members
